Privacy Policy



aseGROUP team has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to
explain how aseGROUP collects, stores, and uses the information collected in
connection with aseGROUP’s Services.



By Installing, Using, Registering To Or Otherwise Accessing The
Services, You Agree To This Privacy Policy And Give An Explicit And Informed
Consent To The Processing Of Your Personal Data In Accordance With This Privacy
Policy. If You Do Not Agree To This Privacy Policy, Please Do Not Install, Use,
Register To Or Otherwise Access The Services. aseGROUP Reserves The Right To
Modify This Privacy Policy At Reasonable Times, So Please Review It Frequently.
If aseGROUP Makes Material Or Significant Changes To This Privacy Policy, aseGROUP
May Post A Notice On aseGROUP’S Website Along With The Updated Privacy Policy.
Your Continued Use Of Services Will Signify Your Acceptance Of The Changes To
This Privacy Policy.



Non-personal
data



For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means
information that does not directly identify you. The types of non-personal data
aseGROUP may collect and use include, but are not limited to: application
properties, including, but not limited to application name, package name and
icon installed on your device. Your checkin (include like, recommendation) of a
game will be disclosed to all aseGROUP users.



aseGROUP may use and disclose to aseGROUP’s partners and contractors
the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the
Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to
further develop the Services and other aseGROUP services and products.



You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by aseGROUP
may combine the information collected with other information they have
independently collected from other services or products relating to your
activities. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy
policies.



Personal
Data



For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means
personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an
individual.



Personal information collected by aseGROUP is information
voluntarily provided to us by you when you create your account or change your
account 



information. The information includes your facebook id, name,
gender, location and your friends’id on facebook. aseGROUP also stores your game
checkins, likes, dislikes, recommendations and messages.



aseGROUP may use collected personal data for purposes of analyzing
usage of the Services, providing customer and technical support, managing and
providing Services (including managing advertisement serving) and to further
develop the Services and other aseGROUP services and products. aseGROUP may
combine non-personal data with personal data.



Please note that certain features of the Services may be able to
connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about
you. In such cases, aseGROUP may be able to collect certain information from
your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and
when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information
available to aseGROUP. This information may include, but is not limited to, your
name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, your country, your
language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page, the
names and profile pictures of your social networking site “friends” and other
information you have included in your social networking site profile. aseGROUP
may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected by aseGROUP
and/or obtained through such social networking sites in accordance with this
Privacy Policy.



Disclosure
and Transfer of Personal Data



aseGROUP collects and processes personal data on a voluntary basis
and it is not in the business of selling your personal data to third parties.
Personal data may, however, occasionally be disclosed in accordance with
applicable legislation and this Privacy Policy. Additionally, aseGROUP may
disclose personal data to its parent companies and its subsidiaries in
accordance with this Privacy Policy.



aseGROUP may hire agents and contractors to collect and process
personal data on aseGROUP’s behalf and in such cases such agents and contractors
will be instructed to comply with our Privacy Policy and to use personal data
only for the purposes for which the third party has been engaged by aseGROUP.
These agents and contractors may not use your personal data for their own
marketing purposes. aseGROUP may use third party service providers such as
credit card processors, e-mail service providers, shipping agents, data
analyzers and business intelligence providers. aseGROUP has the right to share
your personal data as necessary for the aforementioned third parties to provide
their services for aseGROUP. aseGROUP is not liable for the acts and omissions of
these third parties, except as provided by mandatory law.



aseGROUP may disclose your personal data to third parties as
required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an
investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity
that is illegal or may expose you or aseGROUP to legal liability. aseGROUP may
also disclose your personal data to third parties when aseGROUP has a reason to
believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or
interference with aseGROUP’s rights, property, operations, users or others who
may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or aseGROUP believes that such
disclosure is necessary to protect aseGROUP ’s rights, combat fraud and/or
comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on aseGROUP.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, aseGROUP will make reasonable efforts
to notify you of such disclosure through aseGROUP’s website or in another
reasonable manner.



Safeguards



aseGROUP follows generally accepted industry standards and
maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity
and privacy of the information in aseGROUP’s possession. Only those persons with
a need to process your personal data in connection with the fulfillment of
their tasks in accordance with the purposes of this Privacy Policy and for the
purposes of performing technical maintenance, have access to your personal data
in aseGROUP’s possession. Personal data collected by aseGROUP is stored in secure
operating environments that are not available to the public. To prevent
unauthorized on-line access to personal data, aseGROUP maintains personal data
behind a firewall-protected server. However, no system can be 100% secure and there
is the possibility that despite aseGROUP’s reasonable efforts, there could be
unauthorized access to your personal data. By using the Services, you assume
this risk.



Other



Please be aware of the open nature of certain social networking
and other open features of the Services aseGROUP may make available to you. You
may choose to disclose data about yourself in the course of contributing user
generated content to the Services. Any data that you disclose in any of these
forums, blogs, chats or the like is public information, and there is no
expectation of privacy or confidentiality. aseGROUP is not responsible for any
personal data you choose to make public in any of these forums.



If you are under 15 years of age or a minor in your country of residence,
please ask your legal guardian’s permission to use or access the Services. aseGROUP
takes children’s privacy seriously, and encourages parents and/or guardians to
play an active role in their children's online experience at all times. aseGROUP
does not knowingly collect any personal information from children below the
aforementioned age and if aseGROUP learns that aseGROUP has inadvertently
gathered personal data from children under the aforementioned age, aseGROUP will
take reasonable measures to promptly erase such personal data from aseGROUP’s
records.



aseGROUP may store and/or transfer your personal data to its
affiliates and partners in and outside of EU/EEA member states and the United
States in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy. aseGROUP
may disclose your personal data to third parties in connection with a corporate
merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of aseGROUP’s
stock and/or assets or other corporate change, including, without limitation,
during the course of any due diligence process provided, however, that this
Privacy Policy shall continue to govern such personal data.



aseGROUP regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy.
If aseGROUP receives a formal written complaint from you, it is aseGROUP’s policy
to attempt to contact you directly to address any of your concerns. aseGROUP
will cooperate with the appropriate governmental authorities, including data
protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the collection,
use, transfer or disclosure of personal data that cannot be amicably resolved
between you and aseGROUP.



3rd party
services



We use 3rd party services in our apps. These services collect
usage data in compliance with their Privacy Policies. The services are
described below.



Advertising



3rd party ad serving systems allow user data to be utilized for
advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other
advertisements on aseGROUP apps, possibly based on user interests.



Admob



We use Admob by Google as the main ad server. Please see Admob
Privacy Policy – https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/



Analytics



3rd party analytics services allow us to monitor and analyze app
usage, better understand our audience and user behavior.



Flurry



We use Flurry Analytics to collect, monitor and analyze log data,
including frequency of use, length of time spent in the app, in order to
improve functionality and user-friendliness of our apps. Please see Flurry
Privacy Policy – http://www.flurry.com/privacy-policy.html



Google Analytics



Google Analytics is an analysis service provided by Google Inc.
Google utilizes the collected data to track and examine the use of aseGROUP
Apps, to prepare reports on user activities and share them with other Google
services. Google may use the data to contextualize and personalize the ads of
its own advertising network. (http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/)



Children’s
Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance



We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA, we do not
collect any personal information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our
products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old
or older.



Contact Us



mail: rumaila707@gmail.com